What I remember is carpet,
narrow hallways,
and staircases going up.
Like, it’s a tall structure.
No windows, right?
Like, completely windowless.
So, just, any lighting was kept very dim.
Presumably that’s part of what people are
going there for, is the dim lighting.
I mean, it kind of felt dungeon-y, except
that it was not that cool.
It was really, like, wood panelling, and carpet.
Like, it didn’t strike me as super clean,
but we didn’t care about that really.
I mean, every hallway kind of looked the same,
and...
It’s like the timeless, dark…
Who knows what time…?
It could be 7:00 a.m. in the morning.
You have no idea.
There were none of the typical markers that
helped guide you through a space.